# Platform ## Syfter, your AI-driven data platform
 ## The buy vs build problem solved 
You want proprietary tech and data to create valuable IP for your firms, but you want to be production ready in months.
Syfter gives you the best of both worlds: your own private instance holding all your firms’ data and intelligence, based on a tried and tested product suite that we’ll configure and customise to match your investment thesis.
## Productionised data pipelines
One-time matching of heterogeneous datasets is tricky, but keeping them refreshed to ensure your team is always working on the best quality information is a major challenge. Syfter provides fully production-ready data pipelines that constantly monitor data quality and status of all your internal and external data.
## Sector models using ML 
Every firm categorises sectors slightly differently, and with Syfter you’ll be able to train our Machine Learning models with your own data to ensure accurate classifications. Our models are flexible, and our ML experts guide you through the process. 
## AI First
Syfter is built with AI at its heart. AI (including Machine Learning and LLMs) is only as good as the data used to train it, and adopting an AI-first approach is the best way to ensure your data architecture will support your AI ambitions.
## Discover similar companies
Finding undiscovered targets that look similar to your existing universe before anyone else is the gold in deal origination. Syfter combines rules logic and Machine Learning in a powerful tool that will provide you with recommendations. Accepting or Rejecting these recommendations feeds the models with even more data with which to improve their accuracy. 
## GenAI tear sheets and notifications 
Artificial Intelligence is used throughout Syfter. You’ll also benefit from the latest GenAI technology in a number of new features available within the platform. AI-generated ‘tear sheets’ source insights from all available data and provide a comprehensive review of a target company, and Syfter’s email notifications include nudges and suggested next actions generated by AI. 
## User interface and end user tools 
If you’re already familiar with popular CRMs and data vendor platforms you’ll have high expectations. Syfter is comparable with these (we work closely with some of the market leaders) so you won’t have to compromise. Our user interface (UI) and tools have been designed specifically to support the analysis of large amounts of data, with powerful filters and intuitive navigation. 
## Bi-directional CRM integration
Syfter provides you with an advanced CRM integration toolkit whether you use Salesforce, Dealcloud or Microsoft Dynamics (or something else). Syfter will improve your CRM by adding new data points to existing data and allows you to push new matches to your criteria as soon as they’re identified. Syfter will also monitor your CRM and learn from data held within it.
## Discover similar companies
Finding undiscovered targets that look similar to your existing universe before anyone else is the gold in deal origination. Syfter combines rules logic and Machine Learning in a powerful tool that will provide you with recommendations. Accepting or Rejecting these recommendations feeds the models with even more data with which to improve their accuracy. 
## GenAI tear sheets and notifications 
Artificial Intelligence is used throughout Syfter. You’ll also benefit from the latest GenAI technology in a number of new features available within the platform. AI-generated ‘tear sheets’ source insights from all available data and provide a comprehensive review of a target company, and Syfter’s email notifications include nudges and suggested next actions generated by AI. 
## User interface and end user tools 
If you’re already familiar with popular CRMs and data vendor platforms you’ll have high expectations. Syfter is comparable with these (we work closely with some of the market leaders) so you won’t have to compromise. Our user interface (UI) and tools have been designed specifically to support the analysis of large amounts of data, with powerful filters and intuitive navigation. 
## Bi-directional CRM integration
Syfter provides you with an advanced CRM integration toolkit whether you use Salesforce, Dealcloud or Microsoft Dynamics (or something else). Syfter will improve your CRM by adding new data points to existing data and allows you to push new matches to your criteria as soon as they’re identified. Syfter will also monitor your CRM and learn from data held within it.
 Request Demo 
# Data Integration & Partners 
## Syfter, your AI-driven data platform
Syfter connects seamlessly with a range of leading platforms and data sources you already use, optimizing your workflow with AI and efficiency to create the most comprehensive company profiles.
## Our Trusted Data Partners
We work with leading providers, giving us direct access to pre-matched data sources and comprehensive information, ensuring a seamless and quick integration for your firm. By using diverse data sources, you’ll gain specialized insights into companies, improving your ability to make informed investment decisions.

## Straightforward Integration with our pre-built connectors 
We integrate with a diverse range of platform types, including marketing tools, publications, news sources, CRM systems, internal documents, financial systems, deal management, and executive dashboards.

## Fast Start 
Launch Syfter in just a few weeks with the support of our trusted partners. You’ll benefit from access to best in class data and enjoy**free trials** (terms and conditions apply).
 Talk to us today to learn more 
## See Syfter in Action 
# Tiers
## Straightforward, transparent packages and no hidden fees 
We provide Syfter through 3 packages. They’re designed to suit firms taking their first steps into data management and AI through to those who have already started their journey, or have an ambitious vision to deliver. If you’re carrying out a Proof of Concept or need to write a business case for further investment, Foundation offers the ideal way to get started. It’s easy to move between Tiers as your needs grow and maturity increases.
Our Tiers include everything you need to run your platform – we don’t charge extra onboarding or management costs.
Talk to us today to find out which Tier suits you best.
 us 
| Foundation Tier | Advanced Tier | Pro Tier 
---|---|---|--- 
**Core Syfter 2 Week Releases** 
**Full Onboarding Support** 
**Chrome Extension** 
**Custom Scores & Rules** | Standard | Enhanced | Advanced 
**Recommendations** | Standard | Enhanced | Advanced 
**Single Sign-On (SSO)** 
**Sharepoint Integration** 
**CRM Integration** | Standard | Enhanced | Advanced 
**Company Universe** | Up to 300,000 | Up to 500,000 | Up to 1,000,000 
**Email Alert Format** | Standard | Standard | Customised 
**Data Sources** | Up to 4 | Up to 7 | Up to 10 
**Web Scraper** | Standard | Enhanced | Enhanced 
**Data Refresh** | Standard | Standard | Turbo 
**Machine Learning Services** | Sectors & News Signals | ML Marketplace | Custom ML Bundle 
**Tech Consulting Services** | 4 days per year | 20 days per year | 30 days per year 
**Account Director Meetings** | Monthly | Fortnightly | Weekly 
## Stay Updated!
Subscribe for the latest updates on Filament Syfter, expert insights, and cutting-edge AI innovations.
Sign up
Your privacy matters to us. Filament Syfter uses the details you share to send you blog updates and product communications. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please view our Privacy Notice.

Filament Syfter – The AI-Enabled Data Curation Hub for Private Markets
Office address: 22 Tudor St, London EC4Y 0AYRegistered Address: 1 King William St, London EC4N 7AF
 * * * ?
 * * * * Hamburger Toggle Menu
 FAQ's 
 Careers 
### hello@filament.uk.com 

### Filament AI 
© 2025 Filament Consultancy Group Registered in England and Wales – Company Number 10180537
Terms & conditions
GDPR Data Privacy Notice
Search for:Search Button